Formatting updates (#971)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/tutorials/deployment-manager/tutorial-deploymentmgr-launch.md

* `<launch config path>` is the file path to the` one_worker_test.json` file in the Example project
* `<snapshot path>` is the path to the snapshot file you generated in the [Example Project set up guide]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/example-project/exampleproject-local-deployment)

> *  `<assembly name>` is a name that you choose for your Deployment Manager assembly. This must be a different name to the assembly you created when you uploaded your worker assembly in [section 3. Build and upload your workers]({{urlRoot}}/content/tutorials/deployment-manager/tutorial-deploymentmgr-workers#tutorial-deploymentmgr-workers#step-2-upload-your-worker-assemblies).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  `<assembly name>` is a name that you choose for your Deployment Manager assembly. This must be a different name to the assembly you created when you uploaded your worker assembly in [Steps 3 & 4: Build and upload your workers]({{urlRoot}}/content/tutorials/deployment-manager/tutorial-deploymentmgr-workers#tutorial-deploymentmgr-workers#step-2-upload-your-worker-assemblies).
```
